Description: On the bottom is a procrastinator clock! Every 10 mins, there will be a tab that pops up that asks if you want to do your work or not. If you pick yes, then the procrastinator clock doesn't run. However, if you pick no - the procrastinator clock will start until it hits an interval of 10 mins. Depending on how many times you "procrastinate", the clock will indicate just how much time you've wasted stalling. There's also a world clock time above (EST in this case) so you can reference how much time you've procrastinated in relation to the actual time.

The clock itself isn't very novel as it still runs with the standard metrics of time, however it is a fun way to kind of visualize just how much someone procrastinates. Often times more than not, procrastinators tend to disregard time when it comes to work until it is literally too late. This might be due to the fact that when they stall before they do their work, they don't realize just how much time they've wasted. As such, having something visualize just exactly how much time they've wasted would be a good way to get them motivated to their work.

The inception of the idea and why I picked it really came out of the blue. I had a few other ideas that were totally different - like the bacterial multiplication simulator or the time converter - but they just weren't as fully fleshed out or as unique as I thought. Plus, I had a couple of classmates that thought the procrastination clock idea was cool so I decided "Why not?". 

I thought the assignment was a pretty unique and hard one. And I mean it was hard, especially for the initial brainstorming/sketching and the coding; it was mostly the coding though and the major amount of troubleshooting/debugging I had to do. Throughout the process, I realized that I had to care less about the visuals and more on the functionality of the thing: even if the clock was "unconvential", it still had to work most importantly. After a lot of struggling and fails, I managed to finally make a working procrastinator clock. It's still a bit janky, but I would say that was a thumbs up in my books.