Partners: Whitney, Arav

Orig backstory: (Mines is the alien looking dude) Dave the Alien had a party on his mothership and got too drunk. Since he was so drunk, he accidentally lightspeed-warped to our solar system. Since Dave forgot to refuel the ship, it basically ran out of gas and crashed into earth, possibly destroying an entire village. The villagers living on the outskirts of the village found Dave injured and drunk aboard the ship and decided to help him. Dave eventually sobers up and recovers with the help of the villagers. He repays them with some intergalactic currency, but the villagers don’t understand what to do with that stuff. Anyways, Dave, now sober and fully healed, is ready to rebuild and refuel his ship so he can go back home.

Whiteny's backstory: (Her's is the dog) His name is Bozai, I created this figure based on my dog, he loves delicious food and playing with his friends. His favorite sport is frisbee.

Arav: I do not have his backstory :/.

New backstory: King Dave of the fifth Bozai Kingdom was a great and responsible king (obviously) who puffed cigs like there was no tomorrow. He liked to play frisbee and gamble with the royal council. He was enjoying his life until one day, an alien ship crashed into his bathroom while he was showering. It spilled a lot of weird alien goop onto him, mutating his body. It did some weird crap and turned his upper body into a 70 year old, asian grandpa build, - I mean the build of an alien. His lower body transformed into the lower half of a welsh corgi's cause that makes total sense. Although King Dave's body was irreversibly altered, he grasped to what left of his humanity. He tried to dress normal, but his clothes didn't fit, aside for the lower body for some reason. King Dave still rules as king because that's how royality rules I guess, he just looks weirder now.

Reflection: This was very similar to the 2d primitives assignment, but this was a lot more complicated given how much more complex characters are compared to an object like my key. It also didn't help that my partners were trying to draw a masterpiece for their sketches. I did like everyone's design and story though; it was such a different contrast seeing everyone else's sketch and then incorporating it into one thing. I ended up having to simplify a lot of things to achieve some semblance to the original character designs and to avoid having thousands of lines of code. I'd say I'm pretty satisfied with the result althougb I wish the exquisite corpse looked a bit more picteresque than whatever abomination I have right now.