My name: Edmond Huang
Partner's name: Jiaming Wang

Description: It was a small, vintage brass key. The key is about 3 inches long and has a distinct, ornate design on the circular part you hold. It features an intricate floral pattern with tiny, delicate etchings, making it look like a piece of jewelry. The teeth are slightly worn from age, and one of them has a small notch that gives the key its unique functionality.

Reflection: 
  Given the very short and concise prompt from my partner, I thought this job would've been pretty simple. All I needed was a brass key with some type of floral-esque design on it and maybe some indication of wear on the notches/teeth of the key: something that should've been really basic. I was very wrong however. 
  Despite the simplicity of the item I had to make, this project proved to be pretty difficult. However, it was mostly in the sense that it was very montonous. I basically made a lot of organic shapes - meaning they included a lot of bezier vertices. Thsee vertices took the longest time to make compared to the other lines of code I put in since I had to refer to adobe illustrator to visualize all the coordinates of the handles/anchor points of the shapes I were to make. Some examples in my sketch include the teeth of the key and the floral etchings on the main body of the key. I also tried something new by incorporating a library - p5.fillgradient - to make a gradient throughout the whole shape. I had some trouble with it, but that was just due to some ignorance on my part and not following the tutorial video exactly. 
  I had a pretty solid vision in my head the whole entire time, but it was definitely hard at time to achieve the picteresque image I had in my head. As a result, I had to compromise for something that was subpar but was functional. In that sense, I had to settle for my simplified representations of things. In the end, I still achieved something that was similar to what I had envisioned in the beginning that I'm satisfied with.